readme.md, before:

### PCV Impact Analysis Using Data from Manhica DSS
#### Basic approach: interrupted time series analysis with Bayesian model averaging

##### Code structure:
1. impact_analysis.r

   Main script that executes full analysis, has a battery of settings at the start to control behavior
   Outputs:
   * .rdata files in /data/output
   * .pdf graph files in /visualizations

2. prepData.r

   Code that loads/preps data. 
   Inputs:  
   * dir - directory where data live
  
    Outputs:  
   * data - all datasets in 'prepped' format (below)

2. its.r

   Function that carries out interrupted time series analysis.  
   Inputs:  
   * data     - data table object in 'prepped' format (see below)
   * outcome  - character. name of the outcome variable
   * cutpoint - date object containing the time point or points (up to 2) of intervention
   * slope    - logical. TRUE indicates that an interaction term (or terms) should be used to estimate a different slope before/after intervetion
   
   Outputs (in a list):  
   * data        - the input data object with six new columns: [outcome]_pred, [outcome]_pred_upper, [outcome]_pred_lower, [outcome]_cf, [outcome]_cf_upper, [outcome]_cf_lower,
   * outcome  - character. name of the outcome variable
   * cutpoint - date object containing the time point or points (up to 2) of intervention
   * effect size - a data frame containing the intercept shift associated with intervention, including uncertainty
   * gof         - goodness of fit based on BIC

3. bma.r

   Function that carries out Bayesian model averaging over multiple interrupted time series analyses.  
   Inputs:  
   * itsResults - list of lists. standard output from multiple runs of its.r
   
   Outputs (in a list):  
   * data        - the input data object with six new columns: [outcome]_pred, [outcome]_pred_upper, [outcome]_pred_lower, [outcome]_cf, [outcome]_cf_upper, [outcome]_cf_lower,
   * outcome     - character. name of the outcome variable
   * cutpoint    - date object containing the time point or points (up to 2) of intervention
   * effect size - a data frame containing the intercept shift associated with intervention, including uncertainty

4. cpbma.r

   Function that carries out change-point Bayesian model averaging following Kurum 2016.
   Inputs:  
   * data     - data table object in 'prepped' format (see below)
   * outcome  - character. name of the outcome variable
   * cutpoint - date vector or matrix (up to 2 columns) containing the time points of intervention to include in BMA
   * slope    - logical. TRUE indicates that an interaction term (or terms) should be used to estimate a different slope before/after intervetion
   
   Outputs (in a list):  
   * data        - the input data object with six new columns: [outcome]_pred, [outcome]_pred_upper, [outcome]_pred_lower, [outcome]_cf, [outcome]_cf_upper, [outcome]_cf_lower,
   * effect size - a data frame containing the intercept shift associated with intervention, including uncertainty

5. graph.r

   Function that produces a time series graph from the results of its.r, bma.r or cpbma.r.
   Inputs:  
   * itsOutput - list. standard output from its.r
   
   Outputs:  
   * p - a ggplot graph

6. sensitivity_analysis.r

   Script that assembles numerous model outputs and re-graphs them together
   Output:
   * file at /visualizations/sensitivity_analysis.pdf
	
   
##### Data formats:
1. 'prepped' format
FILL IN

2. 'output' format
FILL IN

Commit message:

Update impact_analysis and readme for external compatibility

readme.md, after:

### PCV Impact Analysis Using Data from Manhica DSS
#### Basic approach: interrupted time series analysis with Bayesian model averaging

#### Instructions:
1. Put all data files in [some directory]/data/input
2. Clone this repository to your local computer
3. Set current working directory (in R) to the location of this readme
4. source('impact_analysis.r')
5. impactAnalysis(root='[some directory]', rePrepData=TRUE)
	* If no root is specified, it will assume the data are in ./data/input
	* The default is to not re-prep the data, after running it once with rePrepData=TRUE, you shouldn't need to do that again (unless you want to re-prep the data)

##### Code structure:
1. impact_analysis.r

   Main script that executes full analysis, has a battery of arguments to control behavior (see script)
   Outputs:
   * .rdata files in /data/output
   * .pdf graph files in /visualizations

2. prepData.r

   Code that loads/preps data. 
   Inputs:  
   * dir - directory where data live
  
    Outputs:  
   * data - all datasets in 'prepped' format (below)

2. its.r

   Function that carries out interrupted time series analysis.  
   Inputs:  
   * data     - data table object in 'prepped' format (see below)
   * outcome  - character. name of the outcome variable
   * cutpoint - date object containing the time point or points (up to 2) of intervention
   * slope    - logical. TRUE indicates that an interaction term (or terms) should be used to estimate a different slope before/after intervetion
   
   Outputs (in a list):  
   * data        - the input data object with six new columns: [outcome]_pred, [outcome]_pred_upper, [outcome]_pred_lower, [outcome]_cf, [outcome]_cf_upper, [outcome]_cf_lower,
   * outcome  - character. name of the outcome variable
   * cutpoint - date object containing the time point or points (up to 2) of intervention
   * effect size - a data frame containing the intercept shift associated with intervention, including uncertainty
   * gof         - goodness of fit based on BIC

3. bma.r

   Function that carries out Bayesian model averaging over multiple interrupted time series analyses.  
   Inputs:  
   * itsResults - list of lists. standard output from multiple runs of its.r
   
   Outputs (in a list):  
   * data        - the input data object with six new columns: [outcome]_pred, [outcome]_pred_upper, [outcome]_pred_lower, [outcome]_cf, [outcome]_cf_upper, [outcome]_cf_lower,
   * outcome     - character. name of the outcome variable
   * cutpoint    - date object containing the time point or points (up to 2) of intervention
   * effect size - a data frame containing the intercept shift associated with intervention, including uncertainty

4. cpbma.r

   Function that carries out change-point Bayesian model averaging following Kurum 2016.
   Inputs:  
   * data     - data table object in 'prepped' format (see below)
   * outcome  - character. name of the outcome variable
   * cutpoint - date vector or matrix (up to 2 columns) containing the time points of intervention to include in BMA
   * slope    - logical. TRUE indicates that an interaction term (or terms) should be used to estimate a different slope before/after intervetion
   
   Outputs (in a list):  
   * data        - the input data object with six new columns: [outcome]_pred, [outcome]_pred_upper, [outcome]_pred_lower, [outcome]_cf, [outcome]_cf_upper, [outcome]_cf_lower,
   * effect size - a data frame containing the intercept shift associated with intervention, including uncertainty

5. graph.r

   Function that produces a time series graph from the results of its.r, bma.r or cpbma.r.
   Inputs:  
   * itsOutput - list. standard output from its.r
   
   Outputs:  
   * p - a ggplot graph

6. sensitivity_analysis.r

   Script that assembles numerous model outputs and re-graphs them together
   Output:
   * file at /visualizations/sensitivity_analysis.pdf
	
   
##### Data formats:
1. 'prepped' format
FILL IN

2. 'output' format
FILL IN
